
The first impression I had from the place was that it was hostile and inviting at the same time. A square room, with a hallway leading to the left. The eerie silence,. The paintings on the soft yellow wall and a few plants placed in tactical spots only seemed to testify that someone had tried to make the place welcoming, but did not necessarily succeed at it.

I would never have walked further if it wasn't for the sudden appearance of a man in a white coat - he was the kind of man who carried trust in him at first sight, without having to say one word: older, slightly grey, glasses and the look of never having anyone doubt him in his entire life.

The man greeted me in a rather friendly way. He introduced himself as Dr. Codam. For a split second, I was perfectly calm and at ease. Then, all of a sudden, the reason for me being here came back and I felt my legs shaking. Dr. Codam lead me through the hallway and we entered a smaller room. I expected an office, but this gave me more the feel of a backstage green room in a theater: two leather chairs, a table full of sweets, a minifridge and a sidetable with glasses and strong drinks. There was a large window on the other wall, which gave view to a quiet countryside. I knew that this was a screen, but that didn't really matter - I felt at ease.

Dr. Codam invited me to sit. He offered me a drink, and thereby suggested to taste an Oriental strong drink I'd never even heard of. It was just a suggestion, but maybe he wanted to see how much I trusted him at this point? I said yes and, as I tasted the drink, did not regret this. It was burning hot, but sweet and very caramel-like - I have no other way to describe it. Dr. Codam sat down accross me and took out a notepad.

'So, I understand that you might be interested in our procedure,' said Dr. Codam. 

I did not expect him to ask me so straightforward. Even though I had listed the arguments and reasons in my mind hundreds of times before coming here, I suddenly drew a blank.

'I get it,' said Dr. Codam. 'Most people are a little scared when they first come here. But I need to make sure that you are ready and 100% aware of all the consequences. I'm going to explain some of the technical stuff too, but most importantly I need to understand everything about you. I want to know your childhood, your job, everything.'

He paused for a moment, so I nodded.

'I don't want you to do this if you're not entirely sure. And I don't care how long it takes, we can talk for hours. If at the end, you don't feel sure, you can just go home and I won't charge anything,' said Dr. Codam.

I nodded again. Meanwhile I was already thinking about what I was going to say. It suddenly seemed such a stupid idea...

'Just know that you're definetely not the only one going through this or thinking about this,' said Dr. Codam. 'I see a lot of people here.'

This was the first instance where the doctor seemed to have read my mind, and it wouldn't be the last.

'Why don't you start by telling me what it is that you do, and what it is that you want to do,' said Dr. Codam. 

'I'm an accountant,' I said. 'But I would really want to be a...'

Dr. Codam had heard the hesitation in my voice and frowned.

'I would really want to be a singer,' I said, trying my best to sound confident.

'Okay,' said Dr. Codam.

'But really, that doesn't even cut it,' I said. 'I was born to be a singer. I live and breath music, I don't do anything but it. I need to be on that stage...'

I stopped talking then, because I was starting to feel stupid. Yet Dr. Codam seemed to understand.

'But now you are here,' said Dr. Codam.

'I'm over thirty,' I said. 'I have two kids and my wife is thirty percent handicapped. I'm not gonna become a singer all of a sudden. I like being an accountant, it's not that I hate what I do. So I just... I want to stop wanting this impossible dream.'

'And that's why you're here,' said Dr. Codam.

I nodded.

'There was a moment when suddenly it seemed almost possible,' I said. 'Years ago, when my sister was in town and she helped out a lot with my wife and the kids. I started recording, I started sending in demos. I almost made it into the studio.'

'What happened?'

'Covid,' I said, and with that word I felt the hopelessness and emptyness of that time fall all over me again. 'Fucking Covid.'

'It's one of the reasons this is what I do now,' said Dr. Codam.

'Can I ask you questions as well?' I said.

'Of course,' said Dr. Codam. 'I assume you want to know why I'm risking so much by offering this service?'

'That's right,' I said.

'I believe that the surgery should not be illegal, and I believe any person should be given the right to undergo this surgery, on the condition that they are fully aware of the risks and consequences. The problem is that, by watching tv and listening to music, you only see the success stories. But there's a lot more people who don't make it. I see those people. They don't have the opportunities to put everything they have into chasing this dream. They can't suddenly quit their life and move to California. They don't have the option to dream of this life, so I want to help them, and in this case you, to be at peace with the life they have.'

I did not expect him to better explain my situation than I did. For a moment, I was totally sure I wanted to do this.

'But this is an important moment,' said Dr. Coman. 'You might feel really sure about this now, and that's why I want you to take at least another week to make the decision.'

I nodded.

'Now that I know about your situation, I will explain the procedure,' said Dr. Coman. 'This is a new procedure, but the science and theoretics behind it have existed for years.'

I half expected the screen on the right to turn into a slideshow, but it didn't. It just kept showing the calm countryside. Somewhere far left, a cow boed.

'If you agree to this procedure, this is what will hapen,' said Dr. Coman. 'We will perform a high risk brain surgery on your frontal lobe, this is - very simply put - the part where all creativity and desire is stored. We will quite literally destroy some of the connections here. After this, you will still like to sing, but that desire to do it professionally will be tempered. I cannot promise it will be entirely gone.'

At this point I suddenly realised this man explained this procedure to hundreds of people, without even being sure that they were going to agree. Yet he did not hurry, and kept speaking in a soft, comforting voice.

'...more about the procedure...', said Dr. Coman.

'Do you have any more questions?' asked Dr. Coman.

'No, I don't think so.'

'In case you do, we have a system for you to ask these questions. Since the governement regulated these kinds of operations to be illegal, we have to make sure our communications stay hidden. ... insert how they will communicate'

'Okay', I said.

'I really wished it wasn't like this, because it makes all of this so much dodgier,' said Dr. Coman. 'Imagine if we could just have this conversation in a nice office in the city, without all the scheming and plotting to get your here?'

'It would be so much better,' I said. 'But you did a very good job in explaining everything and making me feel at ease. I already want to thank you for that.'

'Not a problem,' said Dr. Coman.

'Also, I do feel like I need to pay you for this consultation as well,' I said. 'I mean, you took time out of your day to help me, I -'

'It is not necessary for me, but if you want to, I will not obstruct you from it,' said Dr. Coman.

'I recently payed my wife's doctor fifty bucks just to tell me she was having a cold,' I said. 'I'm more than willing to give you something.'

'Thank you,' said Dr. Coman.

'We will have a second conversation in a week,' said Dr. Coman. 'May I ask you to come back anyway, even if you decide to not undergo the procedure? I really want to know why you made your decision, regardless of the decision itself.'

'That seems fair,' I said. 'That's good for me.'

'Okay,' said Dr. Coman. 'Very well, then.'

He stood up, and I followed this example. We left the room. He escorted me back to the first room, and then to the elevator that would take me back upstairs.

'I am looking forward to seeing you back in a week,' said Dr. Coman.

'My two kids wanted to become actors,' said Dr. Coman. 'Can you imagine? One, allright, but both of them? I allowed them to pursue this career path, and after that I had to sit by and watch it destroy them.' -> this later!